[sc-memory] Replace context pointer with reference in ScSet (#331)
ostis-dev/sc-machine: docs/changelog.md

 - **C++**:
    - Migrate test system to `gtest`
    - Remove optional search triples support

>     - `ScSet` constructor now receives reference to `ScMemoryContext` instead of pointer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `ScSet` and `ScStruct` constructors now receive reference to `ScMemoryContext` instead of pointer
```
